Y
very good to all welcome to
victorious spain welcome to
chapter 59 already a new series called
discontinued as its name indicates
we'll see in this section
Discontinued razors that are no longer
in the current victorinox catalog for
this first episode
I have decided to bring you this wonder and
as you can see the first thing
striking is that its shield is not
the typical one that victorinox carries in his
good bit of this from the shield and that
razor
let's talk right now so without
more we start
Well, here we have it and first thing
let's talk about it is that shield
what are you seeing and is the federal shield
Swiss as you can see the contrary
that the current knives that is
embedded this is thermogravure in
the follower steps good to tell you that
this shield and this knife belong to
the victorinox economic series that
I made in the 80s you
you will know for sure the economic series
current is what the grips are in
nylon effectively come that way from the
90s but this guy is from the 80s
it came on a follower scale
and with the shield as I told you
Swiss federal prior to this before
the 80's here I put a photo that
the economic model of victorinox is
I called the stainless steel as I said
disappeared in the 70s and gave way to
the 80s to this model that comes with
handles in follower and without stick or
tweezers since I had to
make it much cheaper and the stick the
and the tweezers, well, it made that
that will not cost the knife and the
could put at an affordable price
Well, it has 11 functions and
let's see them right now and as
we always start with the big sheet
well there you can observe as well
the engraving is the same as you are
accustomed many to see in the knives
current and puts victorinox switzerland
stanley rous frame and on the part of
back puts officer sway is good then
this would be the big sheet we're going to
focus well there it is and we go to the
second function that is the small sheet
we went to the for cables with opener
bottles and large screwdriver
we closed and went to the can opener with
small flat screwdriver we close and
we go to its main function and it is the
saw for wood since as I have already
said this model is
the camper model called in the catalog
from 1980 scout one that now I will put you
here the catalog so you can see the
pocketknife as you can see is that of
down on the right one scouts
we close and go to the back
where will we find the corkscrew
Y
point
11 functions with me and as I already
I said it does not have any sticks or tweezers
to lower costs
well remember is a model
economic that the current one is called ecoline
the difference with them is that the
current ecoline bring the grips in
nylon and these during the 80s were coming
in follower and they brought the federal shield
Swiss
nothing else I hope you liked this
new series the discontinued series and if
you liked the video please
fist up and see you in the
next video here at victorinox spain
bye